In this project We are able to store all the information of the Items available in the Inventory. To build this application i have used the Spring Initilizr and added dependencies Spring Web, Spring Data JPA and MySQl Driver. 
After generating the project i have wrote the database connection code as below in the applicationproperties.xml file.
DB COnnection code:

spring.application.name=IMSProject
spring.datasource.url=jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/IMS_db
spring.datasource.username= root
spring.datasource.password= SASIkumar@123
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=update
spring.jpa.show-sql=true

Created an Item Model class with properties as itemId, itemName, itemPrice, itemQuantity making itemId as Primary key and Autogenerated value.
Created an ItemRepository class in Repository package.
Created the ItemController class in Controller package as a RestController and used RequestMapping annotation to access the url ("/items) and used the @Autowired annotation to inject the ItemRepository and ItemService classes in the controller class.
--------@RestController
--------@RequestMapping("/items")

Used end points:
@GetMapping("/allItems") - to retrieve all the items from the database.
    Response - It returns all the items in the list format.
    Example API:
    http://localhost:8080/items/allItems
    
@PostMapping("/addItem") - to add the item in the database
    Request - We send the request to add the Item details in the database using @RequestBody annotation.
    Response - It returns the String if the item is saved in the database successfully.
    Example API:
    http://localhost:8080/items/addItem
    
@PutMapping("/updateItem/{itemId}") - to update the item details in the database based on itemId
    Request - Here we need to send the itemId as a request to update the item from db using @PathVariable annotation.
    Respose - It returns the String if the item is Updated in the database successfully.
    Example API:
    http://localhost:8080/items/updateItem/1
    
@DeleteMapping("/deleteItem/{itemId}") - to delete the selected item based on itemId
   Request - Here we need to send the itemId as a request to delete the item from db using @PathVariable annotation.
   Respose - It returns the String if the item is deleted from the database successfully.
   Example API:
   http://localhost:8080/items/deleteItem/:itemId
   
@GetMapping("/{itemName}") -  to retrieve the item from the database based on itemName.
    Response - It returns all the items in the list format.
    Example API:
    http://localhost:8080/items/:itemName
    
Created a ItemService class in the service package and inject the ItemRepository class to do operation in the database.

Tested Implemented API's with the help of Postman.

